the rotjochies of the street cars succeeded in the forest with the project
purposefully and indeed it leads to less nuisance in neighborhoods and better ones
school results therefore deliberately
The annual end comes or prize for the best initiative to reduce crime
to prevent
These guys all come to it very easily and too
even tempting to look up crime
that appears from the frozen on today
the things you
yes to see a different mentality
so I think we deal drugs and shoot it
but then who happens regularly but more often half in the neighborhood
but they do not participate in it no but that was little in return though
those the boys who were outside the municipality of Middenmeer who earned a lot of money
and that is attractive for many of our members
and i can
it goes i accepted israel state
it is a player strike
and with it 9
the football project deliberately tries to keep it on the right path 9
discipline and respect and rules strauss kahn insult
A Ashton representative is not good at leaving the neighborhood
be suspended but if doing well
after stepping out of the couple
Flanders is struggling
seems simple but she wanted to belong and
they have something to look forward to, they have a goalkeeper
the youngsters needed a goal that was not meant for the last twelve
months comes says hans the pious are getting annoying doing things
a fisherman as long as they don't realize and something to look forward to but we
take care of months
real estate branch
the real criminals can of course not be applauded with a game of football but
the nuisance in the neighborhoods is much less, say local residents
the school results of the participants have also been improved and the police do not have to
no less often
I am the top attacker granting the robber robbery leave
Antwerp and time to do other things
I'm looking forward to
hilvarenbeek there are the trucks from a national is at 10 am
op Nederland 2 I wish to keep you together